Respectfully addressing the souls of the
heroic martyrs in general, and the souls
of the heroic martyrs at Nga
Trang Cemetery in Mong Cai City,
today, July 22,
2021, the Buddhist group of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies at Ba Vang Pagoda, along with
representatives of the Buddhist group from the Youth Club of
Ba
Vang Pagoda, are on a trip to express gratitude and offer gifts
to the heroic Vietnamese mothers,
families of wounded soldiers, and those who
have made contributions to the country in Mong Cai City.
Today,
the group would like to visit the souls of the
heroes here with
deep gratitude. Respectfully, to the heroes, every
Vietnamese citizen,
throughout generations, has had the spirit of protecting the
borders of the
homeland. Although we have gone through many
wars, our nation has remained
strong and victorious against
foreign invaders. Through many ups and downs, the Vietnamese people have
remained resilient. This
is thanks to the blood and unwavering spirit
of those who came
before us. Today, we live in peace and
independence, and Buddhists are able to
practice and uphold the Dharma, showing gratitude,
all thanks to their sacrifices.  The noble legacy of
countless generations before us, as taught by President Ho Chi Minh, is that
the Hung Kings contributed to the founding of the
nation, and we, their descendants, must contribute to its
preservation. This is the spirit of love and care for future generations. Respectfully, to the souls of the heroic martyrs, we, the Buddhists, have been taught by the Buddha that for the country to
be
peaceful, free from enemy invasion,
and for the nation to develop,
all officials and citizens must uphold
morality and
righteousness, know how to love, how to discuss
with each other, how to live respectfully, and how to
frequently visit them
to learn about morality, filial piety, and
righteousness. We must cultivate our moral character. Today,
before the souls of our esteemed
Buddhists, we, the younger generation,
pledge to fulfill the Buddha's teachings and fulfill our
duty. You have
preserved the country, preventing its demise and
ensuring its liberation.
We, the Buddhists and
descendants of the
heroic martyrs, pledge to diligently practice and strive for even
greater achievements.  Furthermore, cultivating Bodhicitta for the benefit of
all sentient beings—such a mind
prevents foreign invaders from
entering the country, uniting the people from
top to bottom,
protecting and building the nation so that
future generations may also enjoy peace.
Following the spirit of these heroes in
building and defending the nation, Buddhists also
constantly cultivate karma to preserve
peace for future generations. Today, before the
Buddhas, we offer this incense of our
hearts, praying for your
peace, happiness, and swift
liberation, so that you may be reborn into the
human realm, continue to protect the
country's borders, and continue on the
great path of cultivating Bodhicitta to
benefit the masses, as taught by the Buddha. We
pray for the blessings of the Three Jewels upon you. Namo
Amitabha Buddha. Today, with deep gratitude, we
offer this incense of our hearts,
respectfully requesting the blessings of the Three Jewels upon you. Namo
Amitabha Buddha.
[Music]
[Music] Let
us all together
Hands turned towards the souls of our heroes to
commemorate them. A minute of silence begins.
[Music]
May the Three Jewels of the Ten Directions bless our
country so that it may always be
peaceful, free from war and chaos, without
anyone having to sacrifice or shed blood. May
the people be at peace. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. [Music
]
Oh
[Music]
Ladies and gentlemen, with all our
gratitude, today the head of the
Quoc Vang Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, along with
representatives of the Buddhists in the club, have
offered fresh flowers to the
gravestones of the martyrs. As you can see,
there are many gravestones of martyrs here whose
information has not yet been confirmed. Their
blood has been shed on our land, but
their image and contributions will
forever live on in the hearts of the nation. [
End of
text]